[RHACS][Docs][4.6 and later] ROX-26389: Updating system health documentation (#85632)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-status-section.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/use-system-health-dashboard.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="cluster-status-section_{context}"]
= Cluster status section

> The *Cluster status* section organizes the information into the following groups:

Reviewer: Are these items in UI order? if there is no order to lean on, suggest alphabetizing

Author: yes in UI order

* *Healthy*: Indicates that the cluster and all its components are fully operational without any detected issues.

> * *Unhealthy*: Highlights components or subsystems that have failed or are in a critical state, requiring immediate attention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Unhealthy*: Highlights the components or subsystems that have failed or are in a critical state and require immediate attention.
```

* *Degraded*: Indicates the components functioning below optimal performance or with limited functionality.

> * *Unavailable*: Shows the components or services that are not reachable or non-functional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Unavailable*: Shows the components or services that are unreachable or nonfunctional.
```

* *Uninitialized*: Identifies the components or services that are not yet set up or are in the process of initialization.

> Total: Provides the total count of clusters being monitored in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* *Total*: Provides the total count of clusters being monitored in the system.
```

> * *Healthy*: Indicates that the cluster and all its components are fully operational without any detected issues.
> 
> * *Unhealthy*: Highlights components or subsystems that have failed or are in a critical state, requiring immediate attention.
> 
> * *Degraded*: Indicates the components functioning below optimal performance or with limited functionality.
> 
> * *Unavailable*: Shows the components or services that are not reachable or non-functional.
> 
> * *Uninitialized*: Identifies the components or services that are not yet set up or are in the process of initialization.
> Total: Provides the total count of clusters being monitored in the system.

Reviewer: There are five verbs here I assume to avoid repetition, but it's simpler language to either reuse a verb or omit it.
```suggestion
* *Healthy*: Indicates that the cluster and all its components are fully operational without any detected issues.

* *Unhealthy*: The components or subsystems that have failed or are in a critical state, requiring immediate attention.

* *Degraded*: The components functioning below optimal performance or with limited functionality.

* *Unavailable*: The components or services that are not reachable or non-functional.

* *Uninitialized*: The components or services that are not yet set up or are in the process of initialization.

* *Total*: The total count of clusters being monitored in the system.
```

```suggestion
* *Healthy*: Indicates that the cluster and all its components are fully operational without any detected issues.

* *Unhealthy*: Indicates the components or subsystems that have failed or are in a critical state, requiring immediate attention.

* *Degraded*: Indicates the components functioning below optimal performance or with limited functionality.

* *Unavailable*: Indicates the components or services that are not reachable or non-functional.

* *Uninitialized*: Indicates the components or services that are not yet set up or are in the process of initialization.

* *Total*: Indicates the total count of clusters being monitored in the system.
```
